EC J-PAKE: partial fix for role vs user+peer (#7196)
Mbed-TLS/mbedtls: ChangeLog.d/fix-jpake-user-peer.txt

Bugfix
   * Allow setting user and peer identity for EC J-PAKE operation

>      instead role in PAKE PSA Crypto API.

Reviewer: Perhaps add: "as described in the specification" to make it clear that it was a compliance bug.

Author: I will wait for the CI result and then fix it with other potential problems.

Author: CI was green. Force pushed fixed change log.

>    * Allow setting user and peer identity for EC J-PAKE operation
>      instead role in PAKE PSA Crypto API as described in the specification.
>      This is partial fix that allows only "client"/"server" ids.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * Allow setting user and peer identifiers for EC J-PAKE operation
     instead of role in PAKE PSA Crypto API as described in the specification.
     This is a partial fix that allows only "client" and "server" identifiers.
```
